Makes various improvements to the docs (#1444)
adap/flower: doc/source/contributor-setup.rst

- ``pip install -U --pre flwr`` (without extras)
- ``pip install -U --pre flwr[simulation]`` (with extras)

> Python packages can be installed from git repositories. Use the following command to install the latest version of Flower directly from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Python packages can be installed from git repositories. Use one of the following commands to install the Flower directly from GitHub.
```
